Docs - Change typo in Find command in UG (#245)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-T17-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* `RANGE` allows the user to search for a value that falls within the specified `RANGE`. The syntax is as follows:
    * `FROM, TO`. For example, to search for weights that fall between 70kg and 90kg, you can enter `w/70, 90`.
* Any fields specified in the format above can be searched.

> * When an empty input is specified for an optional field, only users that have value(s) available for that field will be showed. (e.g. `find w/` returns all clients that have at least one weight value associated to them).

Reviewer: Minor grammatical mistake

```suggestion
* When an empty input is specified for an optional field, only users that have value(s) available for that field will be shown. (e.g. `find w/` returns all clients that have at least one weight value associated with them).
```

* Multiple fields can be searched in one command.

>     * All fields must match (e.g `find n/Wendy p/91234567` will match with a contact whose name **contains** `wendy` and phone number **contains** `91234567`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * All fields must match (e.g `find n/Wendy p/91234567` will match with a client whose name **contains** `Wendy` and phone number **contains** `91234567`)
```
